Port exterminate from Ruby to Lua (#541)
DFHack/scripts: docs/exterminate.rst

===========

.. dfhack-tool::
    :summary: Kills creatures.
    :tags: fort armok units

Kills any unit, or all units of a given race. You can target any unit on a
revealed tile of the map, including ambushers, but caged/chained creatures are
ignored.

If ``method`` is specified, ``exterminate`` will kill the selected units
using the provided method. ``Instant`` will instantly kill the units.
``Butcher`` will mark the units for butchering, not kill them, useful for pets
and not for armed enemies. ``Drown`` and ``Magma`` will spawn a 7/7 column of

> water or magma on the units respectively, cleaning up the liquid as the moves
> and dies. Not recommended to be used on magma-safe creatures...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
water or magma on the units respectively, cleaning up the liquid as they move
and die. Magma not recommended for magma-safe creatures...
```

Usage
-----

``exterminate``
    List the available targets.

> ``exterminate this [--method <method>] [--only-visible] [--only-hostile]``

Reviewer: Since you now support proper options, you should probably use the general options help format. This line would become `exterminate this [<options>]` and you'd add a new Options section below the Examples section. e.g.: https://docs.dfhack.org/en/latest/docs/tools/tiletypes.html#options

    Kills the selected unit, instantly by default.

> ``exterminate <race>[:<caste>] [--method <method>] [--only-visible] [--only-hostile]``

Reviewer: most tools with optional options literally just say `[<options>]`
here instead of listing all the options out. this allows you to extend the options list in the future without having to update the usage lines here

    Kill the selected unit.
``exterminate``
    List the targets on your map.
``exterminate BIRD_RAVEN:MALE``
    Kill the ravens flying around the map (but only the male ones).
``exterminate GOBLIN --method MAGMA --only-visible --only-hostile``
    Kill all visible, hostile goblins on the map by drowning them in magma.

Technical details
-----------------

> This tool kills by setting a unit's ``blood_count`` set to 0, which means

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool kills by setting a unit's ``blood_count`` to 0, which means
```

    Kill the selected unit.
``exterminate``
    List the targets on your map.
``exterminate BIRD_RAVEN:MALE``
    Kill the ravens flying around the map (but only the male ones).
``exterminate GOBLIN --method MAGMA --only-visible --only-hostile``
    Kill all visible, hostile goblins on the map by drowning them in magma.

Options
-------

> ``--method <method>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``-m``, ``--method <method>``
```

Reviewer: and similar for the other options

>     Specifies the "method" of killing units. See ``exterminate --help`` for a

Reviewer: if they're reading this, they're already reading the output of `exterminate --help`. that part might not be helpful to say here.

    list of possible methods.
``--only-visible``
    Specifies the tool should only kill units that are visible to the player
    on the map.
``--only-hostile``

>     Specifies the tool should only kill units that are hostile to the player.

Reviewer: it might be useful to make this behavior the default, and instead have a ``--include-friendly`` option. Players *probably* don't intend to kill the visiting goblin bards when they wipe out a siege.
